# Adding New Charts to HelmCenter

The first step in adding a repository to HelmCenter is to access the repos.yaml file and create a new pull request with the following pieces of information added to the file:

name: jfrog

url: https://jfrog.github.io

maintainers:

name: myName

email: info@jfrog.com

In your pull request, please provide a brief note about... The most important parts are the name of the chart, the base URL to the repository, and your contact email for the repository. The namespace of your repository in HelmCenter will be generated by your URL and verified by DNS. Your contact information is necessary when there is a need for our team to contact those who manage a repository and verify authorship if DNS isn't sufficient. 

We will verify your namespace and checking that you are the author of the project by checking the domain records. For guidance on domain verification [provide info or anchor]. 

The pull request will be reviewed by the HelmCenter team and if it follows our guidelines, will be available on HelmCenters soon after.

For issues, email us at info@helmcenter.io with the subject [Add Charts to HelmCenter] or add a comment to this GitHub issue here.

## Guidelines

Repositories added to HelmCenter should always follow Helm chart best practices. In addition to these practices we expect:

* Every chart to have a maintainer listed along with valid contact information for each maintainer. 
* The contact information could be in the form of an email address
* Charts must pass Helm lint, be installable and upgradable in all community supported versions of Kubernetes, and use semantic versioning
* Have a NOTES.txt template with useful information which Helm will display after installation
* Chart versions should be immutable 

### Reserving a Namespace
Your domain will need to be verified. The steps for verification are:

Should we need further verification, we will contact you by email with the subject line [HelmCenter Verification Needed]

### Legal

### Other Notes for Making a Pull Request

# We want your feedback

As we continue to build out the HelmCenter inclusion process, we want her help improving how new charts are added. You can provide your feedback here.

